- Hey,
- Beat it.
You got it.
Yes, sir. Someone's gonna be getting
an extra serving of Vitagruel.
Uh, me.
Amos.
I-I'm getting it.
Hi, friend.
Nutritious and tested.
Mmm. Mmm.
Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
Oh!
Sprats!
Hey.
Mister, what's that say?
Uh, I can't do...
words.
Trust me, son,
you don't want no part of this job.
I'm an orphan on garbage duty.
Ain't a lot of jobs I won't do.
Okay, then.
It says: "Wanted:
Test subjects for Auntie Cleo
Brand Research and Development.
Numa Experimental Station needs
your body more than you do."
Numa? Did you say Numa station?
Um. That F-word... that a name?
Yeah, says here the lead scientist
is one Dr. Felicity Karo.
Hello? Please? Help.
Name's Felicity.
Nice to meet you, Amos.
Don't hurt?
Well, it feels like I got my skin
peeled off and rolled in salt.
Here, try this.
Ooh! Well, that...
that tingles.
But it feels better already.
Really? You're not just saying that?
Oh, I never lie.
Because I made it myself.
What? That's wonderful.
You're wonderful.
Felicity.
Law, you made it.
Are you talking to me, son?
Excuse me.
- Hey, watch it.
- Thank you, sir!
I want to do this.
The testing for Auntie Cleo.
Look, you can't just walk in here
demonstrating that kind of malfeasance.
Sorry, my what now?
Tearing down company property.
Of course, the wind
could've just blown it down,
in which case, you were just
helping clean up the place.
Oh, no, I was the one tore it down.
Then you can't apply for this job
until you reimburse
the company for stolen property,
trademark abuse, misappropriation.
Just say the wind blew it down.
Nope, I tore it down.
I'm no good at lying.
I can see that.
How much?
75 bits.
'Tween you and me,
nobody with a lick of sense
is signing up for a job such as this.
Well, in a month's time,
I'm gonna walk in here
and pay you to give me that job.
Like I said,
nobody with a lick of sense.
- Good luck to you, son.
- I don't need luck.
♪ Keep on the sunny side ♪
- Three more credits.
- ♪ Always on the sunny side...
She's the smartest person
I ever did meet,
and so pretty and so funny.
And here I was, thinking, well,
I'm never gonna see her again...
♪ It will brighten all the way ♪
♪ If you keep on the sunny...
Ain't gonna be much longer, Auntie Cleo.
Honestly? You actually
like this Law-forsaken backwater world?
I do.
Uh, we got jobs.
Most of the time, we got beds.
What else could you want?
I want to do more.
Get off-planet
and go where they invent stuff.
I want to help people.
I want to make things better.
You already make everything better.
But I could be making products
that help colonists everywhere.
Yeah, but... your friends are here.
I don't have friends.
I've only got you, Amos.
Yeah, me too.
Amos! Amos!
They're making me an apprentice scientist.
I'm going to work for Auntie Cleo on Numa.
- Off-world?
- Yeah!
Where the science is. Can you believe it?
Wow. Uh, when do you go?
Today. Thank the Law
I don't have much to pack.
I'll tell you what,
I've no need for any of this.
I'm going to Numa.
Seventy-five bits.
Hope you still remember me, Felicity.
Hey, colleagues.
You're not simply test subjects.
You're engaged in a noble effort:
the perfecting of Auntie Cleo products.
Your eyes are Auntie Cleo's eyes.
Your lungs breathe her air.
Even your thoughts are proprietary,
so do not even think
of deceiving your supervisors.
Oh, I won't. I can't. Lie, I mean.
Really?
Tell me, then.
What's your biggest fear?
To live a meaningless life
and then die alone.
Oh.
We're testing a new antacid today.
Rub it on your arm,
then we'll pour the acid over it.
This cream is formulated to keep your arm
mostly unscathed.
- That's what? Uh...
- There are rags to use in case you spill.
Uh, I-I don't think
it's working.
It burns!
I... I didn't know
I was signing up for this.
Untie me.
Sweet mercy, it burns! Aah!
Try to stay still, now.
I need clean results.
It's definitely
not working!
It does not work!
How would you rate
the effectiveness of the product?
I-It worked for a few seconds,
so I'd give it a fi... four.
When do we get to meet
the other scientists?
Can you still feel your thumb?
Take one Carbolated Lung Tablet
and then step into the tank.
Let the water fill your lungs,
and then breathe
for as long as you're able.
Subjects, step up to the ledge.
Ready?
Amos.
- Amos.
Amos, say something.
Three out of ten.
It's better than last time.
How many experiments
until I can meet Felicity Karo?
We just need
one product to work.
Let the Raptidon bite you
until it loses interest.
No,
I-I like the water!
- When it's done, apply the...
- People look to Auntie Cleo
- for quality.
- Mr. Courtright.
Chairman.
Well, isn't this a surprise?
A routine assessment.
Carry on.
Where was I, now?
- Quality, sir.
- Yes, quality.
Unlike our competitors,
Auntie Cleo wouldn't put her name
on a product less than 60% effective.
Please lose interest.
Good.
Now the gel.
This is why our test program
is so vital
to our corporate image.
- How do you feel?
- Uh, it hurts.
It's like a thousand bugs
crawling through...
Hmm. Now,
if you'll just follow me
to our prestigious marketing department.
- Of course.
- Not you, Langdon.
Where did you get that bandana?
Felicity?
Amos?
Felicity!
The gate's open!
Wait, wait, wait. Don't move.
- They react to movement.
- It's so good to see you.
What? No, they don't!
They're still moving!
Remember that time I got myself stuck
in the garbage pile?
Seriously,
if I'd have not shown up,
you would have become garbage.
Or the time we shared
that expired Auntie Cleo ChumBar.
I was sick all day.
It was so hard to work
while we was vomiting.
Look at you.
You're like an automechanical now.
Yep. Brand-new arm.
Heat sensor.
And they made me smarter. Look at this.
...would have become garbage.
That's amazing.
You're amazing. I mean...
from orphan to lead scientist.
You're doing so much good,
helping so many people.
I'm trying.
I miss how simple it used to be.
I missed you.
Me too, Amos.
I'm so pleased
I got to see you one last time.
What? One last time?
I'm up for a promotion.
I mean, the promotion.
I have a chance to become Auntie Cleo.
Become? What do you me...
Auntie Cleo isn't just a CEO or a person.
She's an idea, handed down
from one generation to the next.
Chairman Courtright says
I could be a perfect Auntie Cleo,
so long as I can figure out
a way to boost our profits.
And it's so simple.
All we have to do is stop testing.
I'm real good at testing products.
It's only slowing down progress.
We should simply let the market decide.
And the sample size
will be our whole customer base.
People are gonna die.
Test subjects die all the time.
Yeah. But it's our job.
This is gonna work.
I just have to keep it from the chairman
until the job is mine.
And then...
I'm going to be Auntie Cleo.
Being Felicity was enough for me.
You can't be serious.
As Felicity, I'm just a cog.
A nobody, like you.
As Auntie Cleo, I'll finally matter.
A little surgery, a few grafts.
But you'll still know it's me.
There'll be so many new products.
"Human-tested."
Five out of ten.
I'm going to be Auntie Cleo.
How are those pegs?
Five out of ten.
I'm sorry, Amos.
They're cutting back on the program.
Besides which, you've barely
any human parts left worth poking at.
You were always my favorite test subject,
Amos.
You gave everything you could
to the company.
Well, I suppose that's it, then.
Dr. Langdon,
if somebody here was...
telling lies and hurting people,
that'd be bad, right?
Uh...
Not for something good like testing.
Just...
if they wanted
to hurt real people, like...
customers.
You're asking if assault and fraud
are against corporate policy?
If I had recorded evidence of, um...
c-corporate mal...
- Malfeasance?
- Uh-huh.
- Deceiving the supervisors.
- Well.
That could get somebody
in a great deal of trouble here.
Are you sure
that's something you want to do?
As Felicity, I'm just a cog.
A nobody, like you.
Yes.
Hello?
Um...
I have evidence of...
Amos.
Felicity?
I've been self-centered and ruthless.
I've never stopped
climbing towards the top,
even when I had
to step on people to get there.
I've helped this company destroy lives.
I supervised a testing program
that hurt people.
That hurt you.
The one person I could count on.
Sweet, good,
honest Amos.
You have to tell me the truth.
Are we the bad guys?
Am I a bad person?
You...
You ain't a bad person, Felicity.
I don't want to stop, Amos.
I need this.
I know.
Go be Auntie Cleo.
Go be everything you need to be.
Know who's in that ship?
They say it's the next Auntie Cleo.
That's wonderful.
I love Auntie Cleo.